uses/index.md, before:

---
layout: detailed_index
title: uses
---
## Hardware
I have a [Samsung Galaxy A50](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Samsung_Galaxy_A50) phone and a Thinkpad T16 with a 12th Gen Intel i7 processor and 32GB of RAM. I also have a [Rasberry Pi 1A+](https://www.raspberrypi.com/products/raspberry-pi-1-model-a-plus/) that I use as a server.

## Operating system
I use Windows 10 on my laptop, Android on my phone and [DietPi linux](https://dietpi.com/) on my server.
## Social Media
I don't use social media much but when I do it is Mastodon or occasionally Bluesky. I'm also on Instagram (because of network effects) but try to avoid it.
## Other software
- Web browsing: [LibreWolf](https://librewolf.net/) with a load of extensions:
    - [WAVE](https://wave.webaim.org/) for improving the accessibility of this website.
    - [Unpaywall](https://unpaywall.org/) for open source science papers.
    - [Zotero connector](https://www.zotero.org/download/connectors) for citations
    - [UBlock Origin](https://ublockorigin.com/) for adblock.
    - [Ghostery](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/ghostery/) to auto-reject cookies (I have everything else turned off) and also Cookie auto decline.
    - [Facebook container](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/facebook-container/) and [Twitter container](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/twitter-container/).
    - [Streetpass](https://streetpass.social/) to find people on Mastodon.
    - [Mastdon4 redirect](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-GB/firefox/addon/mastodon4-redirect/) to always go to my home server.
    - [Stylebot](https://stylebot.dev/) to 'fix' things I don't like.
    - [NoScript](https://noscript.net/) for anti-tracking and safer browsing.
    - [Dearrow](https://dearrow.ajay.app/) and [Sponsorblock](https://sponsor.ajay.app/) for better youtube.
    - [Redirector](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/redirector/) to redirect x to xcancel, medium to freedium and yt shorts to normal youtube.
    - [Indiewikibuddy](https://getindie.wiki/) to find better wikis.
    - [HideW3Schools](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/hide-w3schools-on-duckduckgo/) because I don't like them.
- Notes and Markdown editing: [Obsidian](https://obsidian.md/).
- Coding: [VSCode](https://code.visualstudio.com/)([ium](https://vscodium.com/))
- Version control: [Git](https://git-scm.com/) with Github, although I'm considering moving to self hosting.
- Writing documents: [LibreOffice](https://www.libreoffice.org/) and [Zotero](https://www.zotero.org/) (citations)
- Mail: [I self host](/posts/Self-hosted-mail-and-20-posts!.html) my email on the same Rasberry Pi that this site runs on using [Postfix](https://www.postfix.org/) and [Dovecot](https://www.dovecot.org/). I read it using [Thunderbird](https://www.thunderbird.net) on my PC and [K-9 mail](https://k9mail.app/) (soon to be Thunderbird as well) on my phone.
- Ebooks: Book Reader (?) on my phone and [Thorium reader](https://thorium.edrlab.org/en/) on PC.
- Music: [Vinyl](https://f-droid.org/packages/com.poupa.vinylmusicplayer/).
- Messaging: [Signal](https://signal.org/), Whatsapp (because of other people), Snapchat (also because of other people).

## Games
I play Fistful of Frags, DayZ, Stalker Gamma, Juno: New Origins and Ape Out right now. I like to buy games from [Good Old Games](https://www.gog.com) when I can. I launch my games from [Cartriges](https://github.com/kra-mo/cartridges).

Commit message:

add website section to uses page

uses/index.md, after:

---
layout: detailed_index
title: uses
---
## Hardware
I have a [Samsung Galaxy A50](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Samsung_Galaxy_A50) phone and a Thinkpad T16 with a 12th Gen Intel i7 processor and 32GB of RAM. I also have a [Rasberry Pi 1A+](https://www.raspberrypi.com/products/raspberry-pi-1-model-a-plus/) that I use as a server.
## Operating system
I use Windows 10 on my laptop, Android on my phone and [DietPi linux](https://dietpi.com/) on my server.
## Social Media
I don't use social media much but when I do it is Mastodon or occasionally Bluesky. I'm also on Instagram (because of network effects) but try to avoid it.
## My website
I write the posts as markdown in [Obsidian](https://obsidian.md/) and use Jekyll to generate the website. I then serve it with [lighttpd](https://www.lighttpd.net/) on my [Rasberry Pi 1 A+](https://www.raspberrypi.com/products/raspberry-pi-1-model-a-plus).
## Other software
- Web browsing: [LibreWolf](https://librewolf.net/) with a load of extensions:
    - [WAVE](https://wave.webaim.org/) for improving the accessibility of this website.
    - [Unpaywall](https://unpaywall.org/) for open source science papers.
    - [Zotero connector](https://www.zotero.org/download/connectors) for citations
    - [UBlock Origin](https://ublockorigin.com/) for adblock.
    - [Ghostery](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/ghostery/) to auto-reject cookies (I have everything else turned off) and also Cookie auto decline.
    - [Facebook container](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/facebook-container/) and [Twitter container](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/twitter-container/).
    - [Streetpass](https://streetpass.social/) to find people on Mastodon.
    - [Mastdon4 redirect](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-GB/firefox/addon/mastodon4-redirect/) to always go to my home server.
    - [Stylebot](https://stylebot.dev/) to 'fix' things I don't like.
    - [NoScript](https://noscript.net/) for anti-tracking and safer browsing.
    - [Dearrow](https://dearrow.ajay.app/) and [Sponsorblock](https://sponsor.ajay.app/) for better youtube.
    - [Redirector](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/redirector/) to redirect x to xcancel, medium to freedium and yt shorts to normal youtube.
    - [Indiewikibuddy](https://getindie.wiki/) to find better wikis.
    - [HideW3Schools](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/hide-w3schools-on-duckduckgo/) because I don't like them.
- Notes: [Obsidian](https://obsidian.md/).
- Coding: [VSCode](https://code.visualstudio.com/)([ium](https://vscodium.com/))
- Version control: [Git](https://git-scm.com/) with Github, although I'm considering moving to self hosting.
- Writing documents: [LibreOffice](https://www.libreoffice.org/) and [Zotero](https://www.zotero.org/) (citations)
- Mail: [I self host](/posts/Self-hosted-mail-and-20-posts!.html) my email on the same Rasberry Pi that this site runs on using [Postfix](https://www.postfix.org/) and [Dovecot](https://www.dovecot.org/). I read it using [Thunderbird](https://www.thunderbird.net) on my PC and [K-9 mail](https://k9mail.app/) (soon to be Thunderbird as well) on my phone.
- Ebooks: Book Reader (?) on my phone and [Thorium reader](https://thorium.edrlab.org/en/) on PC.
- Music: [Vinyl](https://f-droid.org/packages/com.poupa.vinylmusicplayer/).
- Messaging: [Signal](https://signal.org/), Whatsapp (because of other people), Snapchat (also because of other people).

## Games
I play Fistful of Frags, DayZ, Stalker Gamma, Juno: New Origins and Ape Out right now. I like to buy games from [Good Old Games](https://www.gog.com) when I can. I launch my games from [Cartriges](https://github.com/kra-mo/cartridges).
